GITHUB_OAUTH_SETUP.md, before:

# GitHub OAuth Setup for LegacyVibe

## Environment Variables Required

Add these to your `.env.local` file:

```env
# Supabase Configuration
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=your-project-url.supabase.co
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_PUBLISHABLE_DEFAULT_KEY=your-anon-key

# Site URL for OAuth callbacks
NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL=http://localhost:3000

# Production
# NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL=https://yourdomain.com
```

## GitHub OAuth Scopes

The `signInWithGithub` action requests these scopes:

### ✅ `repo`
- **Purpose:** Full control of private repositories
- **Why Needed:** Allows LegacyVibe to:
  - Read repository structure and files
  - Analyze codebase for documentation
  - Generate blueprints and technical debt reports
  - Access both public and private repositories

### ✅ `read:user`
- **Purpose:** Read user profile information
- **Why Needed:** Allows LegacyVibe to:
  - Get user's GitHub username and email
  - Display user information in the dashboard
  - Associate scanned repositories with the user

## Implementation Details

### Server Action: `signInWithGithub()`

Located in: `app/auth/actions.ts`

```typescript
export async function signInWithGithub() {
  const { data, error } = await supabase.auth.signInWithOAuth({
    provider: "github",
    options: {
      redirectTo: `${process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL}/auth/callback`,
      scopes: "repo read:user",
    },
  });

  if (data.url) {
    redirect(data.url);
  }
}
```

### Key Features:
- ✅ Uses `NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL` for OAuth callback
- ✅ Requests `repo read:user` scopes (crucial for repository analysis)
- ✅ Redirects to GitHub OAuth page
- ✅ Handles callback at `/auth/callback`
- ✅ Follows api-security.md rules (no token logging)

## Supabase Configuration

### 1. Enable GitHub Provider

1. Go to Supabase Dashboard
2. Navigate to: **Authentication → Providers**
3. Enable **GitHub** provider
4. Add your GitHub OAuth App credentials

### 2. Set Callback URL

In Supabase, set the callback URL to:
```
http://localhost:3000/auth/callback
```

For production:
```
https://yourdomain.com/auth/callback
```

### 3. Create GitHub OAuth App

1. Go to GitHub: **Settings → Developer settings → OAuth Apps**
2. Click **New OAuth App**
3. Fill in:
   - **Application name:** LegacyVibe
   - **Homepage URL:** `http://localhost:3000` (or your domain)
   - **Authorization callback URL:** `https://your-project.supabase.co/auth/v1/callback`
4. Copy **Client ID** and **Client Secret**
5. Paste them in Supabase GitHub provider settings

## Testing the Flow

### Local Development:

1. Start your app: `npm run dev`
2. Click "Continue with GitHub" on login page
3. Authorize LegacyVibe on GitHub
4. Should redirect to: `http://localhost:3000/auth/callback`
5. Callback exchanges code for session
6. Redirects to: `/dashboard`

### Verify Scopes:

After authentication, check the session token includes:
- `repo` scope for repository access
- `read:user` scope for user information

## Security Notes

🔒 **Important:**
- OAuth tokens are managed server-side only
- Never log GitHub access tokens
- Tokens stored in httpOnly cookies
- Follows api-security.md guidelines

## Troubleshooting

### "OAuth callback URL mismatch"
- Verify `NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL` matches your Supabase callback URL
- Check GitHub OAuth app settings

### "Insufficient scopes"
- Ensure `repo read:user` is set in the action
- User may need to re-authorize with new scopes

### "Redirect URI mismatch"
- Supabase callback URL should be: `https://[project-ref].supabase.co/auth/v1/callback`
- Application callback in Supabase should be: `${NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL}/auth/callback`

## Why These Scopes Are Crucial

LegacyVibe requires:

1. **`repo` scope** to:
   - Access repository files and structure
   - Read code for analysis
   - Generate documentation and blueprints
   - Identify technical debt patterns

2. **`read:user` scope** to:
   - Display user information
   - Associate projects with users
   - Show repository ownership

**Without these scopes, LegacyVibe cannot function properly.**

## Production Deployment

When deploying to production:

1. Update `.env.local`:
   ```env
   NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL=https://yourdomain.com
   ```

2. Update Supabase callback URL
3. Update GitHub OAuth app callback URL
4. Test the flow end-to-end
5. Verify scopes are granted

---

✅ **Setup Complete!**

Your GitHub OAuth is now configured with the correct scopes for LegacyVibe to analyze repositories.

Commit message:

Refactor project to rename LegacyVibe to Cadracode across all documentation, code, and configuration files. Update authentication, payment setup, and GitHub app integration to reflect the new branding. Enhance user experience with clearer instructions and improved error handling in various components.

GITHUB_OAUTH_SETUP.md, after:

# GitHub OAuth Setup for Cadracode

## Environment Variables Required

Add these to your `.env.local` file:

```env
# Supabase Configuration
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=your-project-url.supabase.co
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_PUBLISHABLE_DEFAULT_KEY=your-anon-key

# Site URL for OAuth callbacks
NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL=http://localhost:3000

# Production
# NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL=https://yourdomain.com
```

## GitHub OAuth Scopes

The `signInWithGithub` action requests these scopes:

### ✅ `repo`
- **Purpose:** Full control of private repositories
- **Why Needed:** Allows Cadracode to:
  - Read repository structure and files
  - Analyze codebase for documentation
  - Generate blueprints and technical debt reports
  - Access both public and private repositories

### ✅ `read:user`
- **Purpose:** Read user profile information
- **Why Needed:** Allows Cadracode to:
  - Get user's GitHub username and email
  - Display user information in the dashboard
  - Associate scanned repositories with the user

## Implementation Details

### Server Action: `signInWithGithub()`

Located in: `app/auth/actions.ts`

```typescript
export async function signInWithGithub() {
  const { data, error } = await supabase.auth.signInWithOAuth({
    provider: "github",
    options: {
      redirectTo: `${process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL}/auth/callback`,
      scopes: "repo read:user",
    },
  });

  if (data.url) {
    redirect(data.url);
  }
}
```

### Key Features:
- ✅ Uses `NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL` for OAuth callback
- ✅ Requests `repo read:user` scopes (crucial for repository analysis)
- ✅ Redirects to GitHub OAuth page
- ✅ Handles callback at `/auth/callback`
- ✅ Follows api-security.md rules (no token logging)

## Supabase Configuration

### 1. Enable GitHub Provider

1. Go to Supabase Dashboard
2. Navigate to: **Authentication → Providers**
3. Enable **GitHub** provider
4. Add your GitHub OAuth App credentials

### 2. Set Callback URL

In Supabase, set the callback URL to:
```
http://localhost:3000/auth/callback
```

For production:
```
https://yourdomain.com/auth/callback
```

### 3. Create GitHub OAuth App

1. Go to GitHub: **Settings → Developer settings → OAuth Apps**
2. Click **New OAuth App**
3. Fill in:
   - **Application name:** Cadracode
   - **Homepage URL:** `http://localhost:3000` (or your domain)
   - **Authorization callback URL:** `https://your-project.supabase.co/auth/v1/callback`
4. Copy **Client ID** and **Client Secret**
5. Paste them in Supabase GitHub provider settings

## Testing the Flow

### Local Development:

1. Start your app: `npm run dev`
2. Click "Continue with GitHub" on login page
3. Authorize Cadracode on GitHub
4. Should redirect to: `http://localhost:3000/auth/callback`
5. Callback exchanges code for session
6. Redirects to: `/dashboard`

### Verify Scopes:

After authentication, check the session token includes:
- `repo` scope for repository access
- `read:user` scope for user information

## Security Notes

🔒 **Important:**
- OAuth tokens are managed server-side only
- Never log GitHub access tokens
- Tokens stored in httpOnly cookies
- Follows api-security.md guidelines

## Troubleshooting

### "OAuth callback URL mismatch"
- Verify `NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL` matches your Supabase callback URL
- Check GitHub OAuth app settings

### "Insufficient scopes"
- Ensure `repo read:user` is set in the action
- User may need to re-authorize with new scopes

### "Redirect URI mismatch"
- Supabase callback URL should be: `https://[project-ref].supabase.co/auth/v1/callback`
- Application callback in Supabase should be: `${NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL}/auth/callback`

## Why These Scopes Are Crucial

Cadracode requires:

1. **`repo` scope** to:
   - Access repository files and structure
   - Read code for analysis
   - Generate documentation and blueprints
   - Identify technical debt patterns

2. **`read:user` scope** to:
   - Display user information
   - Associate projects with users
   - Show repository ownership

**Without these scopes, Cadracode cannot function properly.**

## Production Deployment

When deploying to production:

1. Update `.env.local`:
   ```env
   NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL=https://yourdomain.com
   ```

2. Update Supabase callback URL
3. Update GitHub OAuth app callback URL
4. Test the flow end-to-end
5. Verify scopes are granted

---

✅ **Setup Complete!**

Your GitHub OAuth is now configured with the correct scopes for Cadracode to analyze repositories.
